README.txt
September 28, 2012

This folder contains documentation on the Romibo(R) robot, a
social robot designed for therapy, education and fun.

The Romibo Project is a Carnegie Mellon University research project and a
community co-development project managed by Origami Robotics LLC.  More project
information can be found at http://www.romibo.org. Romibo is a registered
trademark of Origami Robotics LLC.

================================================================ 

The mechanical design drawings were created by Garth Zeglin using the commercial
CAD program SolidWorks 2010 Standard.

The CAD model primarily includes the flat snap-fit plastic parts of the robot
structure.  These are suitable for laser-cutting from flat double-smooth ABS
plastic of nominal 1/8" thickness.  This material has an actual thickness of
about 0.118 inches, reflected in the slot widths in the structure.

All mechanical files are available under the terms of the GNU General Public
License Version 2, the text of which appears in
GNU-General-Public-License-Version-2.txt.

The full notice for each file is as follows:

    Copyright (C) 2012 Carnegie Mellon University.

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
    with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
    51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

Note that this license is applied under the theory that a CAD file is "source
code" which is compiled into "object code" in the form of a plot file, drawing,
laser cutter file, or fabricated object.  In particular, if you distribute any
changes to the design, you must also include any changes to CAD files.  This
note does not supersede any terms of the license.

The Romibo(R) name is trademarked by Origami Robotics, LLC, and is not itself
available under this license.

The following files are Copyright (c) 2012 Carnegie Mellon University and available under GPL 2:

  Romibo-eyelid-template.pdf
  Romibo-laser-cutting-plan.dxf
  Romibo-laser-cutting-plan.pdf
  Romibo-structural-assembly.pdf

================================================================

The electronic design drawings for the controller board were created by Garth
Zeglin using the commercial CAD program EAGLE 5.10.0.  The controller is a
"shield" which fits a standard Arduino Mega microcontroller.  The board design
includes all I/O for the Romibo robot.  User-friendly documentation is located
separately in the romibo-documentation package.

All electronic files are available under the terms of the GNU General Public
License Version 2, the text of which appears in
GNU-General-Public-License-Version-2.txt.

The full notice for each file is as follows:

    Copyright (C) 2012 Origami Robotics LLC.

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
    with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
    51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

Note that this license is applied under the theory that a CAD file is "source
code" which is compiled into "object code" in the form of a plot file, drawing,
or fabricated object.  In particular, if you distribute any changes to the
design, you must also include any changes to CAD files.  This note does not
supersede any terms of the license.

The Romibo(R) name is trademarked by Origami Robotics, LLC, and is not itself
available under this license.

The following files are Copyright (c) 2012 Origami Robotics LLC and available under GPL 2:

  RomiboShieldRev3-bottom-component-placement.pdf
  RomiboShieldRev3-bottom-view.pdf
  RomiboShieldRev3-circuit-schematic.pdf
  RomiboShieldRev3-top-component-placement.pdf
  RomiboShieldRev3-top-view.pdf

================================================================

Also included are text documents describing the assembly, use, and modification
of the Romibo robot.  All files are provided under the copyright of their
respective authors under a Creative Common Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike
license.

The full license text appears in Creative-Commons-BY-NC-SA-3.0.html

For more details on the license: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/

================================================================
